you
hi I'm Michael Gross host of the B&O
Railroad Museum television network this
sleeping kitten symbol so prominent on
this 1967 chassis system locomotive
number 3802
harkens back to a character created by
the Chesapeake and Ohio railway in 1933
chassis the railroad kit was one of the
most successful corporate advertising
symbols in American history in 1933 LLC
probe public relations and marketing
director for the Chesapeake and Ohio
railway saw an etching drawn by Viennese
artist Widow Grunwald in a newspaper the
etching depicted a cuddly little kitten
sleeping under a blanket
Probert purchased the rights to use the
image for $5.00 and designed a whole
advertising campaign to popularize the
cno's new air-conditioned sleepy change
and of course genuinely air-conditioned
almost bedtime the travelers were going
to sleep like kittens and arrive fresh
as daisies are making ready to enjoy a
night of genuine air-conditioned sleep
like a kitten and arrived fresh as a
daisy are more than floated in 1933
Jessie's first appearance as a mascot
for the CNO was featured in the
September issue of Fortune magazine
branded with the slogan sleep like a
kitten and arrive fresh as a daisy
ads featuring chessy her family and her
signature slogans were featured in most
national magazines in 1934 the first
chassis calendar was produced with
40,000 copies distributed
chessy calendars all with the global
stories and artwork were produced into
the 1970s popular merchandise was
produced as well soon chessy nicknamed
America's sleep heart as the talk of the
railroad and corporate world the lovable
kitten became the darling of millions
who took to her during the Great
Depression during World War Two chessy
led the way as America's sleek Wharton
and symbolically gave up her Pullman
birth for traveling soldiers a series of
children's stories were created and
other family members joined the campaign
like her mate peak takeoff on the famous
bang chessy peak stay tuned for
information on upcoming events at the
B&O Railroad Museum
you
after the takeover a passenger service
by Amtrak in 1971 chessy took on a new
role giving her name to the merged
Chesapeake in Ohio
Baltimore in Ohio and Western Maryland
railways under the new chassis system
named Jessie now helps sell their
freight service as careful and attentive
in 1987 the chassis system merged with
other railroads like the Atlantic
coastline seaboard and others to become
CSX transportation although chassis no
longer appears on timetables locomotives
or rail cars she nevertheless is alive
in the hearts of millions an interest in
her in her history is as important today
as when she was the foremost symbol of
bygone era a railroad passenger service
this is Michael gross
thanks for watching the B&O Railroad
Museum television network
interested in learning more about the
B&O Railroad Museum and Ellicott City
station follow us on Facebook and
Twitter
with daily updates on upcoming events
coupons photographs history and things
to do in Baltimore
you'll never be off try
you